and that's ok
- but Julius Caesar I am with sonaecom + 1 million today but not
I know if a cd is capable
time p3 with how many songs did you do
It's a very simple thing that is what most people have
difficulty in realizing how it condemned mp3
on a cd
and leave several songs cutting your sound if your cd player saw your car
I spent it then gets a little difficult for people higher because
clarify your doubts
so always that time
Let's start here, you're going to open your market, okay?
Weak lamb sure prefer to be careful here
I'm the thematic thematic
that he would produce this feat here
so you go here in audio
however and put that the cdi option
the colloquy you give
nuno grandson
I came here in audio
does not create audio venues because otherwise it will contest
meeting minutes is what will aggravate in the zone of minutes Óbidos you go here
create seder
on another pocket then click mp3
you click and
wait open
he goes to berlin already opened in that part that here at par
I asked you
with songs easy to get injured
So you in this field, verdi, you see.
on here
the baby
what does it mean to add
you click
Are you going to look for your computer for the songs?
that you select what puts you in the
how many songs do you want
you can put
because
is actually ops and depending on the capacity
from cdi
in the house he goes up to 700 half
sex to mega km around 400 songs
then up to 400 muscles and poet putting surplus
only 10 700 meters
or even more being much larger
How is the silver helmet?
like a thousand songs
but in my case here
it's only 700 meters
They are common crimes, not six like me.
so you go here
we search with
so have any folder
that's right
You look for me here some songs to put
if you want to
at first
you can
drag the mouse selects all
the leader
all together
he will conclude the process
did it here
and he already be all muscular selected vga
pq has several songs is right to 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 eleven of the three grandchildren
fifteen songs
that's right
the political power is perceived that it was a little the world with the capacity
minimum capacity
what it may contain is right then you can throw
several flights Bogota many musicians are even right
in this capacity for you / kinect
the wedding
after a month and you
click on the second option up here
I put it in my disk that can be a name says that the shot for sure
any time you can put
the ninth and would always be single shooting in the same process injury
clicks
okay
in this first option to be here
if you do not want this is an optional cup is the first cup option
it's just for you to check if it
recorded at the end of the recording
or if you can take the flavor again puts that car
You want to see the speed
the shoe on the cct where you stand on the side here and you have the speed with which it will be
recorded
the better the better the speed if logical recorder
The music I think is 8 is right.
the series and eight times he gets perfectly
It's right and so it can be recorded
Well done programs like effect and twist by cable horn
and can record your rock 'n'
or even know mp3 posthumous music if you want to
excess capacity on average is right
I have good luck there and the stock baton